provide coco labels for different model variants (#2146)
openvinotoolkit/open_model_zoo: models/public/yolo-v2-tf/yolo-v2-tf.md

- (`x`,`y`) - raw coordinates of box center, apply [sigmoid function](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sigmoid_function) to get coordinates relative to the cell
- `h`,`w` - raw height and width of box, apply [exponential function](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Exponential_function) and multiply by corresponding anchors to get height and width values relative to the cell
- `box_score` - confidence of detection box, apply [sigmoid function](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sigmoid_function) to get confidence in [0,1] range
- `class_no_1`,...,`class_no_80` - probability distribution over the classes in logits format, apply [softmax function](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Softmax_function) and multiply by obtained confidence value to get confidence of each class.

> The model was trained on Microsoft\* COCO dataset version with [80 categories](../../../data/dataset_classes/coco_80cl.txt) of object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The model was trained on Microsoft\* COCO dataset version with 80 classes. The mapping to class names provided in `<omz_dir>/data/dataset_classes/coco_80cl.txt` file.
```

- `box_score` - confidence of detection box in [0,1] range
- `class_no_1`,...,`class_no_80` - probability distribution over the classes in the [0,1] range, multiply by confidence value to get confidence of each class

> The model was trained on Microsoft\* COCO dataset version with [80 categories](../../../data/dataset_classes/coco_80cl.txt) of object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The model was trained on Microsoft\* COCO dataset version with 80 classes. The mapping to class names provided in `<omz_dir>/data/dataset_classes/coco_80cl.txt` file.
```
